              Sample files for the book Learning Oracle PL/SQL
                    by Bill Pribyl with Steven Feuerstein

Version
   This is version 1.0

Organization
   Files are organized by chapter.  Each chapter has a subdirectory with a
   "build.sql" and a "drop.sql" script that will create and remove everything
   needed for that chapter.

   Some chapters have an "interim" subdirectory giving interim versions of
   programs used in the development of the "final" version for that chapter.

   Chapter 8 has two subdirectories, one for java and one for C external
   external procedures.

   There is also a "util" subdirectory with the master copy of login.sql and
   a script that will create a demo user and grant the necessary privileges
   to run the rest of the scripts.

Dependencies
   In most cases, the build.sql script refers to files in other subdirectories,
   so you should probably download everything if you intend to actually run
   these scripts.

Possible errors in MS Windows-based operating systems
   I use forward slashes ("/") as directory separators.  As you may know, this
   is the "unix" flavor, and MS operating systems use backslashes ("\").

   It turns out that the limiting factor on interpreting these slashes is
   SQL*Plus, not the operating system.  It works fine using the version of
   SQL*Plus that shipped with Oracle versions 8.1.6, 8.1.7, and 9.0.0 for
   Windows 2000 (and of course it works on the unix versions ;>).  I haven't
   tested it on other SQL*Plus versions; please let me know if you have any
   trouble.

Web sites
   Official: http://www.oreilly.com/catalog/learnoracle/
   Author's: http://www.datacraft.com

Version history
   1.0   Initial release, 30 November 2001

Corrections and enhancement requests
   Please send corrections and enhancement requests to:
       bill at plnet.org
   (remove the spaces and replace the word "at" with "@").

Copyright
   Don't try to sell these, and don't claim that you wrote them. Especially
   don't put any of them in your own web sites, books, articles, presentations,
   or anything else unless you have specific written permission from O'Reilly
   or the author.  Written permission is a real piece of paper bearing an
   authorized signature, not just an email.
